feat(changelog): apple-silicon-changed-macos14-sonoma-is-now-available 2024-04-26 (#3119)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2024/2024-04-26-apple-silicon-changed-macos14-sonoma-is-now-available.mdx

---
title: macOS14 Sonoma is now available!
status: changed
author:

>     fullname: 'Join the #[xxx] channel on Slahttps://scaleway-community.slack.com/channels/apple-siliconck.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fullname: 'Join the #apple-silicon channel on Slack.'
```

    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-04-26
category: bare-metal
product: apple-silicon
---

> The version macOS 14 Sonoma is now installed by default on Mac mini M2 (M2-M) and Mac mini M2 pro (M2-L). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The macOS 14 Sonoma version is now installed by default on Scaleway Mac mini M2 (M2-M) and Mac mini M2 pro (M2-L). 
```

> The Mac mini M1 (M1-M) range will stay on macOS 13 by default for now. If you want to enjoy a smooth macOS 14 migration you can opt-in to our latest macOS configuration improvements by reinstalling your server through the console, then performing a manual upgrade using softwareupdate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mac mini M1 (M1-M) range will stay on macOS 13 by default for now. If you want to enjoy a smooth macOS 14 migration you can opt-in to our latest macOS configuration improvements by reinstalling your server through the console, then performing a manual upgrade using software update.
```

Reviewer 2: `softwareupdate` is the name of the tool. I'll put into formatted code to make it clearer @nerda-codes https://ss64.com/mac/softwareupdate.html

```suggestion
The Mac mini M1 (M1-M) range will stay on macOS 13 by default for now. If you want to enjoy a smooth macOS 14 migration you can opt-in to our latest macOS configuration improvements by reinstalling your server through the console, then performing a manual upgrade using `softwareupdate`.
```
